+-----------------------------------------------------------+

              Fully-Funded PhD Studentships

                  School of Computing
                 University of Kent, UK

+-----------------------------------------------------------+

The Programming Languages and Systems (PLAS) group at the University
of Kent’s School of Computing invites applications for 3.5-year PhD scholarships
(fully funded for both UK and international students). The PLAS group is a
diverse community of researchers exploring all aspects of programming
languages, spanning from theory to applications.

Applications are due by the 3th March 2023.

These scholarships include a doctoral stipend (equivalent to the Research
Councils UK National Minimum Doctoral Stipend, £18,622 2023/24 rate, 2024/25 to
be announced) for 3.5 years, tuition fees at the home rate and access to further
research support funding. If you are applying as an international candidate,
Kent will waive the difference between Home and International fees.

If you are interested in applying, please contact a potential supervisor (see
list below) as soon as possible, and at least two weeks prior to the closing
date. If the supervisor wishes to support your application, they will direct you
to make an official application through the KentVision system.

Submit your formal applications through the university admission system by the
3th March 2023. Your application should include a completed online admission
form; the name and contact details of two referees; an original document
providing confirmation of your degree (or a transcript if the degree is not yet
awarded). For non-native English speakers, a certificate of competence in
English is required at IELTS 6.5 or higher, with no element less than 6.0 (or
equivalent).

Programming Languages and Systems Group:
https://research.kent.ac.uk/programming-languages-systems/

Topics suggested by our group:
https://research.kent.ac.uk/programming-languages-systems/suggested-phd-projects/

Application process, requirements and general enquires:
https://www.kent.ac.uk/courses/postgraduate/283/computer-science

PLAS is a large research group with potential supervisors who work across the
breadth of programming languages and systems research.

- Mark Batty - Concurrency;  relaxed memory;  semantics and memory safety
- Laura Bocchi - Formal verification; concurrency; real-time and Web APIs
- David Castro-Perez - Cost analysis of concurrent and distributed systems; certified DSLs; session types;
- Olaf Chitil - Tracing, semantics; algorithmic debugging; type error debugging; compilation
- Rogerio De Lemos - Self-adaptive software systems and operational-time processes
- Stefan Kahrs - Expressiveness of programming languages; type systems; term rewriting and infinitary rewriting
- Andy King - Abstract interpretation; decompilation and computer algebra
- Stefan Marr - Language implementation, interpreters and compilers; concurrency; parallel programming; debugging;
- Dominic Orchard - Categorical semantics; linear and graded type theories
- Marco Paviotti - Category theory; semantics; type theory; functional programming
- Vineet Rajani - Logic and verification; security properties; resource analysis and probabilistic programs
- Michael Vollmer - Haskell; compilers; functional programming and parallel programming

In the recent QS World University Rankings, the University of Kent has secured
its place within the top 25% of Higher Education Institutions globally.

Kent's campus is based atop a scenic hill with a stunning view of the historic
city of Canterbury, a designated World Heritage Site and host of the
cathedral of the Archbishop of Canterbury.

The campus offers diverse housing options within its colleges with a 30-minute
walking distance from the city. Commuting options include biking or public
transport via bus. Canterbury is in a most advantageous location offering quick
access to London with just a 55-minute train ride, and European travel is within
reach via the Eurostar train or by car.

+-----------------------------------------------------------+
